d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.exe.config
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.exe
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.pdb
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\Dictionary1.baml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\App.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.g.resources
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.exe
d:\users\tom\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.pdb
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.exe.config
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.exe
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\bin\Release\RingClock.pdb
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\Dictionary1.baml
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\App.g.cs
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock_MarkupCompile.cache
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock_MarkupCompile.lref
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.g.resources
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.Properties.Resources.resources
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.exe
H:\Users\Tom\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RingClock\obj\Release\RingClock.pdb
